Add lastest changes to the project overview (#1641)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/using-Bonita-Studio.adoc

It gives access to a lot of resources to help you during the lifetime of the project. +
The welcome page can be opened at any time by clicking on the "Welcome" icon of the coolbar. 

== Project overview
The project overview is accessible from the Studio coolbar. It provides an overview of the different elements of your project and those you can use to create a state-of-the-art Bonita project.

> You can also access the  xref:managing-extension-studio.adoc[the extension view of your project]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the overview, you can access the xref:managing-extension-studio.adoc[extension] view of your project.
```
